no opening cutscene split
no ww splits
now smp splits

Look in splits file:
	What info does a split contain?
		at what point in your pb (or wr△) that split was completed
		for each run, the amount of time you took for that segment
		your gold
		
	What info should it contain after you have edited the splits?
		no opening cutscene split / no ww splits (joining multiple segments together)
			at what point in your pb (or wr△) that split was completed
				keep the time of the last split
			for each run, the amount of time you took for that segment
				sum the times together
				if there was a reset before the last split, don't record any time for that run
			your gold
				options:
					A. sum golds (not as realistic SoB, but acceptable and probably simpler)
					B. actually parse through and find the fastest you did that stretch of splits (more realistic SoB, but not as simple)
		
		now smp splits (break up a segment)
			at what point in your pb (or wr△) that split was completed
				initial segments
					blank
				final segment
					time of original split
			for each run, the amount of time you took for that segment
				blank for all segments?
				BUT even if you delete the existing seg,
					livesplit will just sum all the segment times into the proceeding level anyway
					(as if you skipped the split during the run?)
					so maybe leave the existing seg times in the final seg?
			your gold
				blank for all segments
				BUT you CAN just leave the existing gold in place
					since it will get overwritten on your first run anyway
				
		(will probably have to shuffle segments or replace segments at some point)
				
	In what manner do you need to edit the splits to achieve that state?
		no opening cutscene split / no ww splits (joining multiple segments together)
			simply deleting all but the final split gives expected result, with gold option A.
		now smp splits (break up a segment)
			treating the existing segment as the new last segment seems to be the best option?
			so simply add segments above the existing one until you have the desired number
				note: for some reason when you do this,	livesplit inserts the gold of the existing segment into your segment history under run id 0?
					(but only if your gold doesn't already exist in your segment history)
					this is good to keep in mind, if you try to look up a gold and it's under run id 0
			can simply let the old gold be overwritten on your first run